[Music]
Luna's Silverstar hominy is essentially
a remake of the playstation classic Luna
dissolve star it manages to retain
nearly every aspect of its original
incarnation whilst throwing in some
changes to help it stand out when
compared players take up the role of a
young man known as Alex who is set on
becoming a dragon master and matching
the accomplishments of his longtime hero
die knee not the story won't win itself
any awards the way the experience truly
shines is within its gameplay it's a
turn-based RPG that centers around your
party's position on the playing field
which plays a huge part in overcoming
each encounter as you would expect
you'll find yourself leveling up your
characters as well as acquiring a whole
host of weapons and abilities in order
to make Alex's journey all the more
manageable although Luna silver star
harmony is in no way the best RPG young
a system it's an experience that
definitely deserves a play through the
popular Kingdom Hearts series first
appearance on the PlayStation Portable
is something truly special it is quite
simply a full blown console quality
adventure in the palm of your hand and
at the time of its release it was
nothing short of incredible taking place
ten years before the events of the first
game in the franchise birth by Sleep
let's players into the shoes of three
characters known as Terra aqua and
Ventus who all possess the power to
wield pea blades throughout the
adventure you'll be visiting a whole
host of worlds inspired by popular
Disney characters such as Peter Pan Snow
White and even Hades but what truly
helps birth by Sleep standout is the
incredibly deep erm well thought out
battling system that all takes place in
real time there's no waiting around in
order to take turns instead you have
basic abilities at your disposal that
once executed to contribute to fill in a
gauge which can result in performing
devastating attacks once it has been
filled if you're a fan of the series
this one is a no brainer and even for
those looking to jump into something new
birth by Sleep has got it all
[Music]
afternoon if darkness is a remake of the
PlayStation 2 release and comes along
with extra content and features that
help make them one of the best ways to
experience the sky ax it is essentially
a strategic role playing game as you
would expect a whole range of abilities
are at the place disposal as well as
items that can help the proficiency of
your party as you make your way through
the adventure Jaron battles the player
is limited to 10 characters in which to
utilize each bring their own distinct
advantages to each encounter which all
blends a huge amount of strategy when it
comes to choosing them and this is where
half of the fun lies we're figuring out
which set of allies work best with your
playstyle and is sure to keep you busy
as you settle into the journey topping
all of this off is the inclusion of a
multiplayer mode it takes advantage of
the ad-hoc connection on the PlayStation
Portable and allows players to jump into
several modes including capture the flag
defeat the leader and standard battles
this aspect truly makes the experience
shine and at the time of its release was
a first for the series afternoon of
Darkness provides a ton of replay value
and genuinely deserves a place in
everyone's library the adventure takes
place during the 15th century set across
the battlefields of France and
introduces players to an unforgettable
experience it's essentially a turn-based
strategic RPG that offers a diverse
amount of ways in which the played with
the standout aspect in its campaign mode
it presents a generous amount of story
driven missions that all differ by
featuring their own SAP rules and wind
conditions for example some see you
having to defeat a certain type of enemy
whilst others might have you escape in
the battle without any of your soldiers
passing out to top this off most
encounters have a set amount of moves in
which to clear the battle and with no
way to resurrect fallen allies it's
incredibly important to plan ahead and
think before taking action these aspects
tremendously add to the overall
difficulty of the experience and go a
long way in helping the action stay
fresh as you make your way through the
adventure
Star Ocean the second evolution is a
remake of the PlayStation title known as
second story a manages to improve and
present the experience in many new ways
for the PlayStation Portable one main
new aspect has to be the inclusion of
voice acting which helps elevate the
story that is presented as well as
updates and tweaks to the battle system
that help it reach new heights when
compared to its original incarnation at
the start of the adventure the player
has the choice between two characters
known as Claude or Rena there's not much
that differs from choosing one or the
other but it does help warrant
subsequent playthroughs
as mentioned the battling system
received several upgrades that helped
make you feel all the more responsive
and fluid each party member possesses
both basic attacks as well as special
abilities known as killer moves these
can be learnt over the course of the
adventure and leveled up the more you
use them now second evolution is a
pretty sizeable journey and will offer
up to 50 hours of gameplay depending on
how deep you delve into the several
systems in place so if this one passed
you by now is the perfect time to try it
out for yourself
the war of lions is an updated version
of the PlayStation classic it is a
turn-based strategic RPG that takes
place within the fictional world of AI
Valis the narrative follows two warring
factions with the player taking up the
role of a young man known as ramza who
is an heir to the from gameplay wises
where the experience begins to truly
shine the action takes place on a grid
based system which facilitates each
battle and determines player movement a
wide array of profe abilities and
equipment are available to the player in
which to utilize and tie in this aspect
together is the deep and rewarding job
system that allows for an extreme amount
of customization upon defeating enemies
you are rewarded with experience points
as well as job points that could be used
to level up for several different
aspects of each character and ultimately
help the play a fortune and stoppable
team Final Fantasy Tactics truly
deserves a place in every PSP owners
library for both fans of the genre and
newcomers alike trails in the sky
introduces players to the kingdom of
Lebel and sees them taking up the role
of Estelle and Joshua who are both
children one of the most respected
braces in the kingdom because of this
Estelle and Joshua wish to carry on in
their father's footsteps and this is
where the story picks up is nothing
groundbreaking but it manages the surfer
gameplay well and this is where trails
in the sky itself the game is broken up
into two sections those being the field
and towns on the field the player will
encounter enemies and progress the
effectiveness of their characters whilst
towns allow the player to visit various
shops and inns where equipment can be
bought as well as quests undertaken
during battles the action is presented
on a grid and his turn-based in nature
with each character decisive their own
unique abilities and setups position
plays a huge role in battles and can
help the allow after amounts of damage
when taken into consideration if you're
looking for an engaging and fun RPG
trails in the sky has got you covered
[Music]
jumping into the seventh iteration of a
series may seem daunting some players
but don't let that turn you off one of
the finest RPGs on the system as a
knowledge of the prior games in the
series is not really essential to
understanding and enjoying these seven
it's an action RPG that puts you in the
role of the young man known as a doll
after learning of a great danger that
poses a threat to the kingdom the king
tasks him with investigating a way in
which the stalker like most action RPGs
he's sevens battling system is quite
simple in its execution the player can
have up to three party members at any
one time with its character possessing
their own key attributes that dictates
how much damage they do to certain types
of enemies due to this you'll find
yourself Switzerland different party
members depending on the circumstances
of each encounter is a nice touch that
adds some strategy to each battle and
helps the gameplay remain fresh and
engaging all in all e7 is a competent
RPG experience that is bound to satisfy
fans of the genre whilst offering a
truly accessible adventure for anyone
who may fancy jumping in
Crisis Core takes place within the Final
Fantasy 7 universe and sees players
assuming the role of Zack fair a
character who also appeared in the main
game on the PlayStation working for the
Shinra Power Company and Zack is focused
on River in his career as a soldier and
sets out on an adventure that sees him
running into a few familiar faces and
confronting his destiny head-on is
essentially an action RPG with gameplay
being divided up into several chapters
that require the player to advance the
plot by interacting with NPCs and
overcoming an onslaught of enemies that
you'll encounter along the way one of
the standout aspects of the experience
is the banking system that shares a few
similarities with the Lux of Kingdom
Hearts and Final Fantasy 12
it allows the player to take advantage
of several commands and abilities that
can all be powered up over the course of
the adventure as well as new attacks
becoming available as well
visually for a PSP game crisis core is
absolutely stunning and presents the
world of Gaea in a lush and vibrant
manner that is bound to make an
impression upon many players if you're a
fan of Final Fantasy 7
this one is essential and those looking
for something different to get into it
is entirely accessible and doesn't
really require a knowledge of the main
game in order to enjoy
[Music]
Kasana free is one of those games that
has the ability to completely consume
your time may it be the enthralling
narrative that is fuelled with several
twists and turns the highly rewarding
gameplay or the incredible amount of
customization and expression there are a
ton of reasons to keep on coming back to
one of the finest RPGs ever produced
gameplay wise you'll find yourself
exploring the city and meeting a lovable
cast of NPCs whilst also encountering a
wide range of enemies in which to
overcome through the use of the
intuitive battle system its turn-based
in nature and grants the player several
characters and abilities to use the
standout being that of summoning of the
summon a powerful being Allah has the
ability to turn battles around in the
blink of an eye
complementing the soul is the fusion
system that allows players to customize
as well as create new personas in which
to use in battle it's a great system and
becomes highly addictive once delving
into the deeper aspects its satyr
persona free is the definition of
must-haves on the PSP if this one passed
you by
now is the perfect time to try it off
yourself
[Music]